Add migration file for s3 rename scratchpad (#151)
biomage-ltd/iac: migrations/dynamodb-migrations/README.md

    K8S_ENV=staging dynamodb-migrate scan eu-west-1/TABLE_NAME ./dynamodb-migrations/SCRIPT_NAME.js --dyno --live
    K8S_ENV=production dynamodb-migrate scan eu-west-1/TABLE_NAME ./dynamodb-migrations/SCRIPT_NAME.js --dyno --live

### S3 migrations: ###

> You will need to install the packages `aws-sdk` and `lodash`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to link the packages `aws-sdk` and `lodash` into the `s3-migrations` folder:

    cd migrations/s3-migrations/
    npm link aws-sdk lodash
```
